README.md, before:

# Template Example Zapp

Welcome to the Template Example Zapp. This README is a basic guide to getting started with this application.

This is a React JS app. So you will need to install dependencies for it and run a build watcher if you want to develop it further.

## Main Libraries

This template Zapp uses:

* [React JS](https://reactjs.org/) **v 17.x**
* [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) **v 2.x**
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) **v 5.x**

## Prepare for deployment

Since this a React JS site it rquires to be built before it can be deployed as follows:

1. Run `npm i`
2. Run `npm run build`

Now a `public` folder will be created containing the deployable built site. You can now deploy the site to the network using the `point-deploy` executable. For details on deploying to the network see this [README](../../deployspace/README.md)

## Prepare for development

1. CD into the [./example/template.point](./example/template.point) directory.
1. Run `npm i` to install the sites dependencies
1. Run `npm run watch` (or `npm run watch:docker` if you are running the Node using Docker) to have *parcel* watch the site and build it on any detected changes
1. Run `./scripts/deploy-sites.sh template --contracts` (from the node root folder) to deploy the sites `views` directory that was built using parcel.
1. From the [Point SDK repo README](https://github.com/pointnetwork/pointsdk#using-web-ext), follow the instructions to start an instance of Firefox with the Point SDK extention already installed using `web-ext` command.

Commit message:

update README with deployment instructions

README.md, after:

# Template Example Zapp

Welcome to the Template Example Zapp. This README is a basic guide to getting started with this application.

This is a React JS app. So you will need to install dependencies for it and run a build watcher if you want to develop it further.

## Main Libraries

This template Zapp uses:

* [React JS](https://reactjs.org/) **v 17.x**
* [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) **v 2.x**
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) **v 5.x**

## Deploy the site to YNet using Point Node

### Build the Zapp 

Since this a React JS site it rquires to be built before it can be deployed as follows:

```
npm i
npm run build
```

Now a `public` folder will be created containing the deployable built site. 

### Clone the Point Network repo, install dependencies and start the node (connecting to Ynet)

Note that when you start the node it will use your key file found in your local point directory: `~/.point/keystore/key.json`. If you do not have this file then the node will not start. To create this file simply install [Point Network Alpha](https://pointnetwork.io/alpha). 

```
git clone git@github.com:pointnetwork/pointnetwork.git
cd pointnetwork
nvm use
npm i
npm run start
```

### Run the Point Deployer CLI

Note this command is run from the `pointnetwork` cloned repo (see above and assumes the Zapp is one level below the directoy where the command is run.

```
cd pointnetwork
./point deploy ../template.point --contracts
``
